Introduce GraphQL Interceptor Configs (#1349)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-graphql: docs/spec/spec.md

}
```

### 10.3 Interceptor Configuration

The configurations stated in the `graphql:InterceptorConfig`, are used to change the behavior of a particular GraphQL interceptor.

#### 10.3.1 Scope Configuration

> The field `global` is used to configure the scope of the interceptor. If the `global` field is set as `true`, the interceptor will be applied to each field and subfield. If the flag is set as `false`, the interceptor will be applied only to the particular type. By default, the `global` flag is set as `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `global` is used to configure the scope of the interceptor. If the `global` field is set as `true`, the interceptor will be applied to each field and subfield of the service. If the flag is set as `false`, the interceptor will be applied only to the fields of the type, but not to the subfields of the type. By default, the `global` flag is set as `true`.
```
